Almost dead
Then why aren't you dead yet?
You've been lying since you were a kid
I don't believe you at all.
New Year's Eve is really a problem.
If you don't want me to live for several years
Then you must go?
It's really dirty, Lao Xia
Come on. Let's go to the restaurant
Can't you not make your mother angry in summer?
Before we come back
Clean up the table and throw it away.
Dad?
Mom
eat
Why don't you love me anymore?
I'd rather be left
Why can't you love me?
That's okay.
I'm going back to China after the Chinese New Year.
I won't leave this time when I return to China.
child
You misplaced the money and wronged the money yourself, right?
The family could have had a good meal
You should also accept your blessings
I didn't mean to wrong him
Why wouldn't I wrong someone?
Isn't he growing up?
Just do those sneaky things
Again
I don't want to have a good meal with him
But look at his dead virtue
Ok ok husband
We won't be angry when we find the money.
Where's the money for us?
Return to Qin County to buy a house
Isn't he and Xiao Chen getting married?
Let's give him a guarantee after marriage
Surprise him
Ah!
Didn't you say you have no money?
I need money for surgery, I care about your facial features
You said I was cheating you out of money. Why?
I bought this one for the whole city
My Money
I won't give it to someone who killed his uncle
If you kill a good gold, you also deserve two certificates with sunny days.
Look at what you are
You want money?
Then you go steal it?
Aren't you so good at stealing?
Don't you have so many men?
Are you looking for those men to take medicine?
I see.
Before you use it
The guy who will only stick to men
Hey, here you are.
Cousin, long time no see?
When will the $1,000 you owe me be paid off?